 1. Create a list of 100 things to do when you’re bored.
2. Create a card for your loved one.
3. Get your car washed.
4. Treat yourself to a movie.
5. Read a novel.
6. Go window shopping.
7. Create a new recipe.
8. Call your long distance friend or family.
9. Create your own scrap book.
10. Treat yourself to a body massage.
11. Pamper yourself to a spa.
12. Enjoy a cup of coffee.
13. Buy yourself a puzzle.
14. Attend a workshop.
15. Visit a pet shop.
16. Listen to music.
17. Treat yourself an aromatherapy bath.
18. Buy yourself a plant.
19. Play mind-stretching games such as Scrabble, chess, and cards.
20. Go for an exhibition.
21. Do the crossword puzzle in the daily newspaper.
22. Visit a friend’s house.
23. Visit your nearest library.
24. Visit a bookshop.
25. Surf the net.
26. Take the dog for a walk.
27. Learn a new language.
28. Cut the grass.
29. Write a journal.
30. Watch a TV show.
31. Take up photography.
32. Tour a museum.
33. Visit a nature preserve.
34. Meet a friend at a restaurant or cafe.
35. Read a newspaper.
36. Take a walk at the beach or lake side.
37. Take a yoga class.
38. Play a water sport at the seaside.
39. Treat yourself a cone of ice cream
40. Clean up your house.
41. Going for a walk.
42. Treat yourself a dessert.
43. Join a gym club.
44. Treat yourself a face massage.
45. Clear away clutter at home.
46. Go fishing.
47. Go swimming with your friends or family.
48. Do some needlework.
49. Play a ball game with friends or family.
50. Write a short story or diary.
51. Make and fly a kite.
52. Make a cake.
53. BBQ with friends and family.
54. Go traveling.
55. Make your own homemade pizza.
56. Send a message via mobile phone to a friend.
57. Clean up your closet.
58. Paint a illustration.
59. Dance inside your room.
60. Create your own song.
61. Get your hair cut.
62. Sing out load at home.
63. Chat with friends via internet.
64. Go for glossary shopping.
65. Re-organise your book shelf.
66. Go camping.
67. Take the kids to the zoo.
68. Visit an art gallery.
69. Shop till you drop.
70. Ride a horse and enjoy the country side.
71. Get comfortable reading a book at the pool side.
72. Hunt for treasures at antique shops.
73. Create your own jewelry.
74. Hang out in a pub.
75. Play online games.
76. Go diving.
77. Bake a house of bread.
78. Go roller skating.
79. Walking on the beach.
80. Create your own aquarium.
81. Learn a new skill.
82. Buy yourself a bouquet of flowers.
83. Groom your pet.
84. Mix and create your own essential oil.
85. Unwind at the garden.
86. Join a fitness centre.
87. Go picnic with friends or family.
88. Write and send some birthday cards.
89. Plan a weekend getaway.
90. Taking courses online.
91. Create and design your personal website.
92. Write a blog.
93. Play the piano or other instruments.
94. Go bowling.
95. Visit disability support services and volunteer to help.
96. Gardening.
97. Join a ballroom dancing class.
98. Go to bed.
99. Create a list of 100 ideas that make you a bright future.
100. Create a list of 100 things that make you happy.
 
 Read a good book

11. Draw a picture

12. Find a food recipe online and try to make it

13. Set up a server and share your files
Join a sport

20. Dye your hair and style it into something cool (then post pictures online and get made fun of)
Start your own message board and make a feeble attempt to top popular internet forums
Go to cafepress.com and design your own t-shirts and coffee mugs, then sell them
 Make a movie with your digital camcorder
  Redesign your room
  Start a mailing list. Send out funny jokes, stories, pictures, interesting links, web blogs, news articles, game reviews, etc
  
  Create an explosion and record it on video. Put it on your web site.
  
Go Bird Watching

Fishing – Whether it is deep sea, stream or fly – fish on!

Orienteering

Climb a Tree

Go Rock Climbing

Play Paintball

Geocaching GPS – Using a GPS you can search for treasure boxes that are hidden all over the world. Lots of fun and a great way to discover nooks and crannies of where you live.
GPS Adventuring – Go adventure somewhere with your GPS and mark your trail on your GPS as you go. No matter where you go you will find your way back.

Bike Around Your Local University Campus

Shoot Some Hoops – you know – basketball hoops

Ride a Tandem Bike

Go Mountain Biking

Go to a National Park and find a cool hiking trail

Street Hockey

In-line Skating

Jog at sunset with some really cool music on your Ipod

Have a Big Party

Learn to Juggle

Go Roller Skating

Enter a Running Race

Run a Mile

Steep Run – Run down the steepest hill you can find,

Go for a Look for Cool Rocks Hike

Play Ping Pong

Skateboarding

Snorkle in a pool and hunt for cool things you put there for each other.

Do a round of Speed Golf – That is golfing as fast as you can.

Play Soccer

Swim (in the tub if they are little enough and don’t have a pool!!!)

Play Tennis

Triathlon – Train and enter for a triathlon or create your own.

Play Baseball or throw the ball.

Go for a Bike Ride

Play Volleyball

Relax – Hammock Time

Read a book

Have your own Olympi Games – Set up a series of events or obstacles courses. Only limited by your ability and imagination. Take it the extra step and arrange some medals for the awards ceremony.

Bounce on a Trampoline

Have a Wheelbarrow Race

Blueberries up Your Nose – - Ok this one does sound weird but it is still pretty fun. This is a contest where you stick a blueberry up your nose and try to blast it the farthest. ( see other strange fun ideas)

Play Some Boccie Ball

Have a Bonfire and Roast Marshmallows

Deck Lounging

Have a Big Scavenger Hunt with your friends – post all your clues on Twitter

Get Some Firecrackers – Remember Safety First

Have a Fondue or Make a Banana Split (other food ideas here)

Musical Chairs

Take Photos of Pets in funny hats, or glasses
Have a bus trip to unknow destination
Start a Herb Garden

Have a Pillow Fight

Play Twister

Have a Water Fight with the Garden Hose, water balloons or water guns

Listen to Some Rock Music from a Totally Foreign Country

Have a Limbo Contest

Have a Paper Airplane Distance Contest

Photography – Get everyone to express the same emotion in a picture. Anger, confusion, glee, uneasiness, seduction etc..

Have a Talent Show – take some video with a digital camera and put it on Youtube

Plant a Time Capsule or something else creative

Pie Someone

Cloud Evaluation – Look for shapes in the clouds

Instead of spending money on airfare or a hotel room – have a backyard vacation

Slip and Slide

Watermelon Seed Spitting Contest

Play Spin the Bottle

Have a Lemonade Stand

Favorite Tunes – Music Make a list of your favorite songs then make a CD

Badminton

Baseball or just play some catch

Have a Three-Legged Race – If you have a lot of people you can play three-legged soccer or three-legged baseball.

Build a Tree House

Tricycle Races – Kids or adults can have fun this one. Make sure everybody wears a helmet.

Draw with Chalk on the Sidewalk

Have an Egg Toss

Play Hackeysack

Do a Headstand

Play Fun Questions

Watch Fireflies

Messy fun thing to do – Food Fight

Do arts and crafts outside

Get up early and watch the sunrise

Have a cool picnic

Throw a Frisbee around


SELECT * FROM VoteItem;
DELETE FROM VoteItem;
drop TABLE VoteItem;
INSERT into VoteItem(name,yCount,nCount) values('Are you confident about the Australian economy?','43','34')

CREATE TABLE VoteItem (
		id int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
		name VARCHAR(200) NOT NULL,
		yCount VARCHAR(2000) NOT NULL,
		nCount  VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
		PRIMARY KEY (id)
	);
	
	CREATE TABLE USERMESSAGE (
		id int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
		transaction_time timestamp,
		username VARCHAR(200) ,
		user_entered_time VARCHAR(200),
		message VARCHAR(3000),
		PRIMARY KEY (id)
	);


